3rd World Go Championship - Ing Cup

The third Ing Cup was started in Shanghai on April 23, 1996
at the Jin Jiang Hotel. Eight additional players were added
to the top sixteen players of the second Ing Cup to provide
the competitors. The sixteen players from the previous
tournament were divided into two leagues by their result.
The top eight players received a bye for the first round.
They were Suh Bongsoo (the current champion), Otake, Rui NaiWei,
Cho Chikun, Takemiya, Rin KaiHo, Yang and Awaji.
The second division consisted of Wang, Jiang ZhuJiu, Yoo, Lee
Chang-Ho, Wang, Yoda, Cho Hun Hyun, and Fujisawa Shuko.
The eight additional players were Michael Redmond, O-Rissei,
Cho, Ma, Liu, Cao Dayan, Yu Bin and Wang.

The winners of the first round were Ma (over Chen), Liu (over Shuko),
Jiang (over Chou), Cho Hun Hyun (over Zhang Wendong),
Yoda (over Michael Redmond), Lee Chang-Ho (over Yu Bin),
Yoo (over O-Rissei) and Cao (over O Meien).

The second round victors were Lee Chang-Ho (over Rui),
Cho Chikun (over Jiang), Rin Kai Ho (over Cao), Ma (over Yang),
Yoo (over Otake), Yoda (over Seo BongSoo), Takemiya (over Liu),
and Cho Hun Hyun (over Awaji).

In the third round it was Cho Chikun (over Ma), Yoo (over Lee),
Rin (over Takemiya) and Yoda (over Cho Hun Hyun).

[In the fourth round there was a 3-game match between Cho and Yoda
(won by Yoda) and a 2-game match between Rin and Yoo (won by Yoo).]

Yoda Norimoto of Japan and Yoo Chang-hyuk of Korea are the finalists for
the third Ing Cup. They will begin the final round on October 11, 1996.
Their semi-final games with Rin Kai ho and Cho Chikun are listed
below in round four.

[Source: http://www.sfo.com/%7Efalcon/ingcuppic1.htm]

[Where filename given and text given agreed on the order
of the players the white player was mentioned first,
and I assumed that this also holds for the cases where
PW and PB are not given. Where filename and text differed
in order, I have not conjectured a PW. - aeb]

[Seo BongSoo = Suh BongSoo; Jujo = Jiang ZhuJiu ??]
